clarified from part 1 to part 4 - After Benjamin's version (#125)
trilitech/tezos-developer-docs: src/pages/tutorials/build-an-nft-marketplace/part-4.md

cd ..
```

## Smart Contract Modification

1. Update the initial import line of the nft.jsligo file to:

    ```ligolang
    #import "@ligo/fa/lib/fa2/asset/multi_asset.impl.jsligo" "FA2Impl"
    ```
2. Ensure you replace the `SingleAsset` namespace with `MultiAsset` throughout the file. This guarantees that you're referencing the appropriate library.

> 3. Reintroduce the `token_id` since multiple collections are now in play.

Author: The changes implied by this step is covered in the code at step 5.

        bytes,
        bytes
      ],
      s: storage
    ): ret => {
      if (quantity <= (0 as nat)) return failwith("0");
      if (! Set.mem(Tezos.get_sender(), s.administrators)) return failwith("1");
      const token_info: map<string, bytes> =
        Map.literal(
          list(
            [
              ["name", name],
              ["description", description],
              ["interfaces", (bytes `["TZIP-12"]`)],
              ["artifactUri", ipfsUrl],
              ["displayUri", ipfsUrl],
              ["thumbnailUri", ipfsUrl],
              ["symbol", symbol],
              ["decimals", (bytes `0`)]
            ]
          )
        ) as map<string, bytes>;
      return [
        list([]) as list<operation>,
        {
          ...s,
          ledger: Big_map.add(
            [Tezos.get_sender(), token_id],
            quantity as nat,
            s.ledger
          ) as FA2Impl.Datatypes.ledger,
          token_metadata: Big_map.add(
            token_id,
            { token_id: token_id, token_info: token_info },
            s.token_metadata
          ),
          operators: Big_map.empty as FA2Impl.Datatypes.operators
        }
      ]
    };
    ```

> 7. Update `sell` function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Update the `sell` function:
```

    ```ligolang
    @entry
    const sell = ([token_id, quantity, price]: [nat, nat, nat], s: storage): ret => {
      //check balance of seller

      const sellerBalance =
        FA2Impl.Sidecar.get_for_user([s.ledger, Tezos.get_source(), token_id]);
      if (quantity > sellerBalance) return failwith("2");
      //need to allow the contract itself to be an operator on behalf of the seller

      const newOperators =
        FA2Impl.Sidecar.add_operator(
          [s.operators, Tezos.get_source(), Tezos.get_self_address(), token_id]
        );
      //DECISION CHOICE: if offer already exists, we just override it

      return [
        list([]) as list<operation>,
        {
          ...s,
          offers: Map.add(
            [Tezos.get_source(), token_id],
            { quantity: quantity, price: price },
            s.offers
          ),
          operators: newOperators
        }
      ]
    };
    ```

> 8. Update the `buy` function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Update the `buy` function:
```

        ) as set<address>,
        offers: Map.empty as map<[address, nat], Contract.offer>,
        ledger: Big_map.empty as Contract.FA2Impl.MultiAsset.ledger,
        metadata: Big_map.literal(
            list(
                [
                    ["", bytes `tezos-storage:data`],
                    [
                        "data",
                        bytes
                        `{
          "name":"FA2 NFT Marketplace",
          "description":"Example of FA2 implementation",
          "version":"0.0.1",
          "license":{"name":"MIT"},
          "authors":["Marigold<contact@marigold.dev>"],
          "homepage":"https://marigold.dev",
          "source":{
            "tools":["Ligo"],
            "location":"https://github.com/ligolang/contract-catalogue/tree/main/lib/fa2"},
          "interfaces":["TZIP-012"],
          "errors": [],
          "views": []
          }`
                    ]
                ]
            )
        ) as Contract.FA2Impl.TZIP16.metadata,
        token_metadata: Big_map.empty as Contract.FA2Impl.TZIP12.tokenMetadata,
        operators: Big_map.empty as Contract.FA2Impl.MultiAsset.operators,
    };
    ```

> 10. Compile again and deploy to ghostnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Compile again and deploy to ghostnet:
```

    ```bash
    TAQ_LIGO_IMAGE=ligolang/ligo:1.0.0 taq compile nft.jsligo
    taq deploy nft.tz -e "testing"
    ```

    ```logs
    ┌──────────┬──────────────────────────────────────┬───────┬──────────────────┬────────────────────────────────┐
    │ Contract │ Address                              │ Alias │ Balance In Mutez │ Destination                    │
    ├──────────┼──────────────────────────────────────┼───────┼──────────────────┼────────────────────────────────┤
    │ nft.tz   │ KT1KAkKJdbx9FGwYhKfWN3pHovX1mb3fQpC4 │ nft   │ 0                │ https://ghostnet.ecadinfra.com │
    └──────────┴──────────────────────────────────────┴───────┴──────────────────┴────────────────────────────────┘
    ```

> **The smart contract _(backend)_ is finished**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now the smart contract backend is finished and you can update the frontend to use it.
```

## NFT Marketplace front

This section guides you step-by-step in setting up an intuitive frontend.

> ### Step 1: Initialize the Typescript Classes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Initialize the TypeScript classes
```

> 
> Generate Typescript classes and go to the frontend to run the server
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Generate the TypeScript classes and go to the frontend folder to run the server:

```

    ```bash
    taq generate types ./app/src
    cd ./app
    yarn install
    yarn dev
    ```

> ### Step 2: Update in `App.tsx`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Update `App.tsx`
```

Forget about `token_id == 0` and fetch back all tokens.

> 1. Replace the function `refreshUserContextOnPageReload` with the following content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Replace the function `refreshUserContextOnPageReload` with the following code:
```

        ).id.toNumber();

        const token_ids = await api.bigMapsGetKeys(token_metadataBigMapId, {
          micheline: "Json",
          active: true,
        });
        await Promise.all(
          token_ids.map(async (token_idKey) => {
            const key: string = token_idKey.key;

            let tokenMetadata: TZIP21TokenMetadata = (await c
              .tzip12()
              .getTokenMetadata(Number(key))) as TZIP21TokenMetadata;
            nftContratTokenMetadataMap.set(key, tokenMetadata);
          })
        );
        setNftContratTokenMetadataMap(new Map(nftContratTokenMetadataMap)); //new Map to force refresh
        setNftContrat(nftContrat);
        setStorage(storage);
      } catch (error) {
        console.log("error refreshing nft contract: ", error);
      }

      //USER
      const activeAccount = await wallet.client.getActiveAccount();
      if (activeAccount) {
        setUserAddress(activeAccount.address);
        const balance = await Tezos.tz.getBalance(activeAccount.address);
        setUserBalance(balance.toNumber());
      }

      console.log("refreshUserContext ended.");
    };
    ```

> ### Step 3: Update in `MintPage.tsx`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3: Update `MintPage.tsx`
```

> Just update the `mint` call and add the missing quantity, and add back the `token_id` counter incrementer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this code to update the `mint` call, add the missing quantity, and increment the `token_id` counter:
```

}
```

> ### Step 4: Update in `OffersPage.tsx`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 4: Update `OffersPage.tsx`
```

}
```

> ### Step 5: Update in `WineCataloguePage.tsx`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 5: Update `WineCataloguePage.tsx`
```

To add more collections, go to the Mint page and repeat the process.

## Summary

> You are able to use any NFT template from the Ligo library.

Reviewer: Any more info here? Are there other templates in the library that the tutorial should mention?

Author: Not sure about this.

Reviewer: I just wondered if  there were other templates in the library that we could mention as next steps, like if you wanted to set up DeFi, maybe there's a template for that, or other token types.

Reviewer 2: We use the generic @ligo/fa for both Defi and NFT
